[List] Add spacing property (#7939)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/weak-insects-jump.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Add spacing property to List component allowing for a more compact list

Reviewer: Changesets are usually written in past tense

```suggestion
Added support for `spacing` prop to List component allowing for a more compact list
```
